Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
[dramatic upbeats plays]
[theme song plays]
[eagle screeching]
[ominous music plays]
Ah!
What is it?!
What does this thing want again?
What is it?
[screams]
Tade?
Tade.
Tade!
[wheezing]
-Tade? Tade. what is it?
-[Tade wheezing]
-Tade! Tadetola!
-[wheezing]
-My God! Tade! Ah-ah!
-What happened?
-[Amaka] Tade?
-Leave him.
[Amaka] Eh! Oh!
-[Adedujoye] Leave him.
-It is happening again!
-[Adedunjoye] It's happening again! Tade!
-Tade?!
-Tade?
-Tade!
-Ah!
-Ah! My God!
-I'm in trouble! Tade!
-Let's take him to the Hospital.
-Hospital!
-[Adedunjoye exclaims]
[Amaka] Hospital. Tade!
Tade! I'm finished!
Tadetola!
[suspenseful music plays]
[car hoots]
[tires screeching]
-[Amaka] Nurse!
-[nurse panting]
-Open the door!
-[nurse panting] Ah!
-[Amaka] Hey! Tade! Nurse! Tade!
-[Adedunjoye] Leave him! Leave him to me!
-[Amaka] Nurse! Nurse!
-Leave him! I said leave him!
-I said leave him to me! Leave him!
-[Amaka] Nurse!
[Adedunjoye] Leave him!
-Tade!
-[Adedunjoye] Uh?
-[Amaka] Get out of the way!
-[grunt]
-[panting] Tade!
-Huh?
What has happened?
[tense music plays]
[whooshing sound]
I will not weep over you.
I will not weep over my son.
[sobbing] I will not lose you. Tade.
[sighs heavily]
[tense music plays]
[sniffs] Uh?
[tense music crescendos]
-How did you know?
-[Priests] Ah.
-[heaving]
-Ah Your Highness.
-There's no way something like this
-[heaving]
could happen without me knowing about it.
Yes.
Look. your son's case
is not a hospital issue.
I didn't want to say it
in the Queen's presence.
-that's why I called you out.
-[huffs]
If he completes the circle…
[huffs]
Priest. he was going from one circle
of life to another. that was the dream
I was having before you woke me. [inhales]
[panting] Priest. help… help me.
-Your Highness. I know.
-[grunts]
-That's why I'm here.
There's no way I won't know
about all that is going on.
Look. let's leave all questions
till after we've taken care of the boy.
Quickly!
You mean we should take him out
-of the hospital?
-He must leave this place!
-Right now!
-Right now?
Yes! Right now!
[troubled music plays]
[whooshing sound]
[men in Yoruba] ♪ The head of a pigeon ♪
♪ The tail of a pigeon ♪
♪ The wings of a pigeon
Perform your duties ♪
♪ Doors open and close ♪
♪ Seasons come and go ♪
♪ The head of a pigeon… ♪
[Priest] The one who
sees death and fears not.
The one who sees diseases and fears not.
[tense music plays]
The shaker! The one
who shakes the entire town.
[Adedunjoye]Tade.
You sent for Tadetola…
you asked him to come to heaven.
Tadetola refuses.
He says he won't respond
to the call of heaven.
You who locks doors.
Go help Tadetola lock heaven's door.
You who opens the worlds…
Now open the door of life.
Open the door of life for Tadetola.
Tadetola has sent a white piece of cloth.
he said he's not responding
to heaven's call.
Tadetola!
You must respond to the call
of life. not the call of heaven.
Open the door of life. you gatekeeper.
Tadetola!
[Tade sneezes]
[sneezes]
-That's good.
-Tade!
-[Tade sneezes]
-[Priest] That's good.
-Tade!
-Leave him!
-[Tade sneezes]
-Well done.
-[Adedunjoye] Tade!
-[Amaka pants]
-Thank you God.
-[Amaka] Tade!
[Adedunjoye] Thank you God.
[Priest] Evil has been averted.
The one who isn't powerful
enough is acting powerful.
You should know that you
ought to have stayed in your league.
A divination for Orunmila was given
when the witches fought with him.
He said both
the young witches and old witches
he would conquer them all.
Your Highness.
[Adedunjoye] Am I at fault?
Is it…Is it a sin
to come and serve your town?
Or…[grunts]
is it because I took the title of the
Onilara to make Ilara a better place?
[huffs] What exactly is my offence?
Please tell me. Priest.
What is my offence?
-Your Highness.
-[panting]
Your offence is that
you didn't do what Ifa asked you to do.
-Ah-ah! [panting]
-Look.
this is just the tip of the iceberg.
If we continue to thread on this path.
the end result.
-will affect everyone in the land.
-Ah!
Hear this. Tadetola
has not completely escaped death.
-Huh?
-[tensed tune plays]
We just saved him temporarily.
[suspenseful music plays]
My Tadetola?
-Yes.
-Ah!
-What is it?
-[grunts]
-[sobs] God.
-[wistful music plays]
what is it? [panting]
What is it?
The father ate the forbidden fruit.
the grandson is the one bearing the brunt.
What have I done
to deserve all this? [sobs]
Please have mercy on me. Ah!
I should marry them?
[whimpers] And I'm
to love them wholeheartedly.
At least you know where I'm from.
you know where I came from.
I have my own way of doing things.
I had something I was doing before this!
What is it?!
Ah!
-Your Highness.
-[gulps. sobs]
-[huffs]
-You have to marry them
one after the other.
That's what will serve
as your deliverance.
and that of others that will become
the Onilara in Adejuwon's family.
-Priest [huffs]
-Hm?
[sighs] Why do I have to be
the one who gets punished?
It's not fair.
Priest. it's not fair. [inhales deeply]
I haven't committed any sin.
I didn't offend anyone. [heaving]
-[wistful music continues]
-Why does it have to be me?
Why does… I came
to Ilara with a pure heart.
My daughter Fola is dead.
Tadetola is not completely saved.
What did I do to deserve this? [heaving]
What is my offence? Priest. [sobs]
What is my offence?
What is my… [panting]
[birds chirping]
[door closes]
[ancient melodies play]
Your Highness. [grunts]
[ancient melodies playing]
[Queen clears her throat]
[all] Your Highness.
[Adedunjoye] Thank you. I'm grateful.
-It shall be well with you.
-[all] So shall it be.
You'll all bear children.
-You'll not make mistakes.
So shall it be.
-You'll not speak in error.
-So shall it be.
May true love be established
-in our hearts forever and ever.
-So shall it be.
Rise up.
[all] Thank you. Your Highness.
[Queen in blue] Your Highness.
[Queen in glasses] Hm!
-Your Highness.
-Our husband.
-[Queen 1 chuckles]
-[Adedunjoye] Thank you.
I'll see you in the bedroom.
Go to your rooms
I'll come to you one after the other.
[all] Your Highness.
-[Queen 2] Your Highness.
-[all chuckle]
[Queen 2] Well done.
[all chuckle] Your Highness.
[laughs]
[Queen 5] Your Highness.
Our husband.
-Have you forgiven us?
-Hmm.
Thank you.
By God's grace.
your reign will bring peace
to the whole town.
So shall it be.
-So shall it be.
-[pants]
-That's what I desire.
-[huffs]
Ah!
[ecstatic music playing]
[singer in Yoruba] ♪ Hail hail ♪
♪ Husband of dark and fair women ♪
♪ Husband to women of substance ♪
♪ Son of King Adekogbe ♪
[vocalists] ♪ Keep reigning ♪
[singer] ♪ I said ♪
♪ All the wives
Have asked me to greet you ♪
♪ Keep reigning ♪
[singer] ♪ The Onilara
Is doing something great ♪
♪ Give me room to do mine ♪
♪ May this time
The peaceful may it bring relief ♪
♪ Son of King Adekogbe ♪
[vocalists] ♪ Keep reigning ♪
[singer] ♪ May your time bring relief ♪
♪ Keep reigning ♪
♪ May there be peace and harmony ♪
♪ May there be prosperity in the land ♪
♪ Keep reigning ♪
[singer adlibs]
♪ Keep reigning. keep reigning ♪
♪ Keep reigning ♪
-♪ Keep reigning. keep reigning ♪
-[vocalist] ♪ Keep reigning ♪
-♪ Ke-- ♪
-[singing drags abruptly]
[eerie sounds]
[nostalgic music plays]
Priest!
What is it again?
[pensive music plays]
What exactly is the problem now?
You said he who must eat a vulture
must have some pepper.
I have some pepper.
You said he who must eat a vulture
must have palm oil. I have palm oil.
must have lots of salt.
I have lots of salt.
You asked me to close my right eye.
I closed my right eye.
You asked me to fold my left leg.
I folded my left leg.
Yet you left and you came back.
You said vulture cannot be eaten.
If the vulture cannot be eaten.
then let it return to the wilderness.
Look.
allow me to go back to where I came from.
-I no longer want to be the king!
-[tense music plays]
Taboo!
Don't say that again. Your Highness.
Don't you know the position
of a king is until his death?
There are just more battles to be fought.
What other battles?!
Answer me. what other battles?
[inhales] I said what other battles?
[tense music continues]
Your Highness.
If we don't tackle
the issue directly from the source.
it will continue to reoccurr.
If we don't face it head on.
it won't come to an end.
You fought battles.
yet there are more to fight.
You've not battled with Esusu.
-[ominous music play]
-And it is compulsory
you battle with Esusu.
[tense music crescendos]
-Esusu?
-Yes.
Why would a mortal
-encounter a deity?
-Ah-ah!
Esusu. the man
who rages like a burning fire.
He didn't suddenly end up that way.
He did not just turn to an idol
who is worshipped with waste.
It was your forefathers who caused it.
[tense music halts]
[Esusu] Your Highness.
may you live long.
[king grunts in pain]
-Esusu. hmm.
-Your Highness.
[weak grunts]
Why is it that.
the charm of longevity you made for me.
I'm using it on a sick bed?
That's why the creator
is greater than humans.
Who is greater
than the Almighty? Ah-ah!
I only did my part. no one knows it all.
When it comes to some issues.
we are all ignorant.
[king Adejuwon grunts]
Hold on. if that's the case.
it then means…
the agreement we had.
-has been faulted by you.
-[tense music plays]
What do you mean?!
I fulfilled my end of the bargain…
[sighs]
[grunts] you…
you did not fulfil yours.
Instead of fulfilling your own part.
you deceived me.
-Ugh!
-You deceived me.
Hm! King Adejuwon.
Esusu's charm kept you alive
and you say it's not working?
-Are you dead yet?
-Ah!
Am I not begging for death now?
That means you've had a change of mind.
-[grunts]
-Because you've said it with your mouth.
But if it's what I Esusu
the merciless made for you.
If you don't use up
the entire number of years I took for you.
There's no death that can take you.
If that's the case [sniffles].
If I can't enjoy the life I have.
I… I… I can take the easy way out.
If you can't restore
my health to what it was before
-Then kill me.
-[troubled music plays]
-Aah
-[King Adejuwon] Hm.
-Adejuwon?
-What is it?
You want to go back on your word.
-I should kill you.
-Yes.
Anyone who wishes you dead
will surely die before you.
Hm? [heaving]
Some people are waiting for me.
Esusu? Ah!
I have searched beyond my boundary.
[tuts] I… I… I have… [sighs]
I have bitten more than I can chew.
[tuts .sigh]
Creator. please take my life.
[sighs heavily]
Please take my life. [sobs]
-♪ Ogun is the king ♪
-[drumming]
-[man chuckles]
-Good job! My lord.
-♪ Eh. eh. eh. Ogun is the king ♪
-My lord! A primordial being! My lord.
-♪ Ogun is the king. Ogun is ♪
-[chant continues] My lord.
-♪ The king ♪
-[singers harmonize] ♪ Ogun is the king ♪
-[man chuckles]
-[men] Oh My lord. well done.
-♪ Ogun is the king ♪
-My lord is greeting you.
-♪ Eh. eh. eh. Ogun is the king ♪
-My lord.
♪ Ogun is the king. Ogun is the king ♪
♪ Eh. eh. eh. Ogun is the king ♪
-Eh!
-Rejoice! My lord!
-[woman chants] We can go to Ilara oh.
-[man] My lord.
My lord.
-The man who scares himself.
-Well done.
-[man2] Good job.
-You're coming at Esusu with quivers.
Yes.
You're coming at Esusu with guns.
-[man] My lord.
-He's able to break hands and backs.
-My lord!
-Oh Esusu!
[man cheers. exclaims]
[woman] Esusu is not a king
but he acts like one.
-He's not a chief yet he acts like one
-[man] Yeah.
-You frown at the sight of Esusu
-[man] That's him over there.
-You will be punished for frowning.
-[man 1] Woman.
-let's go greet him. [laughs]
-[man2] ♪ Who's the king. who's the king ♪
[all] ♪ Eh. Ogun is the King ♪
[man 2] ♪ Ogun is the King ♪
-[woman] ♪ Eh. Esusu oh! ♪
-[man 1 chuckles]
You're hailing a strong man.
[woman] The one who kills
a man while the father rejoices
-[man] Yes.
-♪ Ogun is the king. Ogun is the king ♪
-The disease that makes one
-Yes!
-the mother of a fool.
-My Lord!
Let us all bow for the great Esusu.
-♪ Ogun is the king. Ogun is the king ♪
-There is no one greater than Esusu.
-[man] He'll encounter trouble.
-[woman] Oh Esusu.
Death. diseases.
-calamities and any other.
-My lord.
My lord does not like it.
-My Lord.
-Stop praising me!
He said you should be quiet.
You're praising me too much.
You want to make my head swell too much.
Only a good yam makes pounded yam.
[man] Yes.
Only the strong stands for himself.
My lord. yes.
I have a powerful
being within me. [growls]
-[panting]
-Become tongue tied.
-[man gasps]
-[groaning]
[difficultly] ♪Oh Esusu. oh oh oh! ♪
-♪Oh Esusu ♪
-[Esusu] She can't escape it.
Esusu has no fault in this issue.
Hm!
The one who came into town to misbehave…
[sighs]
is not to be blamed.
but the one who invited him
into the town.
It was I who went to invite Esusu.
-Ah!
-[birds chirping]
[mouthes]
To make a longevity charm for me.
Ah! Ah.
Yes. [inhales]
When I heard I didn't have
much time left to live on earth.
Ah!
-Ah! Hm!
-It's the reason he killed my seven wives.
-Ah!
-I used my wives to make
the longevity charm.
-Eh! Ah!
-[Adejuwon grunts]
-Hm.
-Your Highness.
-Look…
-Ah!
-I'm in pain.
-[exclaim]
[gasps. sighs deeply]
[tuts]
-Ah!
-[disappointed grunts]
-No wonder.
-Hm!
-No wonder the town is divided.
-[elder 1 tuts]
Ah. when the king gives an order.
Esusu also gives his own.
His own commands
-hold more power than that of the king.
-Hm!
Look. the day we encounter evil.
-that is the day we must get rid of it.
-[Adejuwon groans]
It must be gotten rid of today.
-Ah!
-Thank you.
Look.
Ilara chiefs.
-Your Highness.
You have the authority now.
-Ah!
-[huffs]
[groans] Wherever you
put him is fine with me.
[drumming music plays]
Ah!
-What happened?
-Who are you?
From where?
-[indistinct]
-[all exclaim]
-Enough! Enough! Be patient.
-Ah-ah!
-Ah! Please. what is it?
-[drumming stops]
What could Esusu have done to you
that has made you bring
a masquerade to his home right at midday?
-Can't you see us standing before you?
-[Esusu's servant] Ah! We can see you.
I think you ought to call Esusu
to have a discussion
with him if he offended you.
-You are unfortunate!
-[man 1] Huh?!
Your power ends today!
-Really?
-Yes! Keep quiet!
-If Esusu has done good or bad.
why can't you approach him
with respect? Ah-ah!
-Ah!
-[servant 1] Where?
-My lord! My lord!
-[servant 2] Ah-ah!
There's trouble! My lord.
[tense music plays]
My lord.
[growls]
-[servant 2] My lord.
-You brought a masquerade to confront
my wickedness. right at midday?
Who among you wants to lose his children?
-Ah!
-Here they are.
Oh. you wicked and powerful one.
the great one that's my defender.
I. your son have come before you.
Oh. the formidable one
-who cannot be moved.
-[Priest] Can you see?
Nor conquered by any power.
Because there are powers
greater than some powers.
The one that controls me
is greater than the-- [screams]
-[man] Ah!
-We've got him!
[ritualist 1] Come here!
-My lord!
-[Esusu exclaims]
-My lord! [exclaims]
-[Priest] Yes.
-Ah! My lord!
-[Priest] You've been caught.
-We've nabbed him.
-[servant 1] Hey!
[suspenseful music plays]
[king grunts]
[sighs]
I heard you wanted to see me.
-Your Highness.
-[gasp]
is it true you know
about what the town has done to me?
There's nothing that goes on
that I don't know about.
Uh. I know about it.
[music shifts to nostalgic]
Is that what I deserve?
What more does a wicked
person deserve than suffering?
That's what you deserve.
King Adejuwon.
I want you to realize
that your character defines you.
It is whatever you sow you must reap.
There are sixteen deities
who exist in this world.
the one who knows. the one you confide in.
the one you think with. the one you speak.
with the one you sleep with.
An agreement binds them all.
If one goes against them.
that's betrayal.
[tuts] King Adejuwọn.
don't betray me!
I should not betray you?
-Esusu.
-[huffs]
please. look me in the eyes
and tell me
you've not betrayed me already.
Ah! [tuts] You're wicked. [sighs]
Ilara chiefs.
-Yes Your Highness.
-[continues gasping]
Thank you.
Please.
please. escort this evil being.
walk him out of my town.
[nostalgic music swells]
Please call all
the people in the town… [huffs]
[groans] Tell them I asked them
to take all calamities. [groans]
all losses.
struggles. [groans]
all the woes. [heaving]
all that has to do
with suffering in my town.
should be used to drive him
out of this town.
You must never set foot
in this town again.
[whines]
[birds chirping]
[screams]
[crowd in Yoruba]
♪ Esusu you have to leave ♪
-♪ Our town. we no longer want you here ♪
-[woman] We no longer want you.
-[repetitive singing]
-[man] Esusu. you have to leave our town.
♪ We no longer want you here
Esusu. you have to leave our town. ♪
♪ We no longer want you here ♪
♪ You have to go! ♪
♪ You have to go
You have to go. Esusu has to go ♪
♪ Esusu. you have to leave our town ♪
♪ Esusu. you have to leave our town
We no longer want you here ♪
♪ Esusu. you have to leave our town. ♪
♪ We no longer want you here ♪
♪ We no longer want you here.
Esusu. you have to leave our town. ♪
♪ We no longer want you here ♪
[apprehensive music plays]
[singing continues]
[suspenseful music continues]
Esusu. you have to leave our town.
We no longer want you here.
♪ Esusu. you have to leave our town
We no longer want you here ♪
♪ You have to go! ♪
♪ You have to go! Esusu has to go! ♪
♪ Esusu. you have to leave our town ♪
♪ We no longer want you here ♪
-[growls]
-[chanting halts]
[melancholic music plays]
King Adejuwon. it would have been
better we resolved this on earth
so that it doesn't
become an issue when we get to heaven.
You're not pleased
with me so you sent me away.
you don't like my ways so you expelled me.
Hm! Even though I wish
to stay here longer. [heaves]
but you no longer want me here among you.
[heaves] Ah!
People of Ilara.
just because I have
no relatives in this town.
[crying] that's why you all hate me.
Ah! [panting]
But when we meet again.
[panting] there will be repercussions.
Esusu departs! [supernatural screaming]
[crowd screaming]
-[tense music plays]
-[Esusu screaming] Ah!
[Esusu continues screaming]
-That was how your forefathers used words.
-[sad music plays]
to curse Esusu.
before he became a deity
worshipped with filth.
It's the anger from that time
that made you see what you
told me about when you were called.
Urgh!
What is it? [sighs]
Why do issues
from the past keep affecting me? [huffs]
Why should I be the one
to bear my forefather's burdens?
The sins of your forefathers
must be suffered by their descendants.
You are aware that issues like this
is passed on to generations.
Priest. [huffs]
please what is it? [inhales]
That my my forefathers
did to offend the almighty father.
Huh?! [pants] Priest. help me.
Have mercy on me.
Take a look at me. I'm still young.
Please help me. what can we do?
Your Highness.
you have to get ready. be prepared
to battle with Esusu.
[tense music plays]
You have to expel him out of town.
-I should fight Esusu?
-Yes.
Ah!
Ah. What if I go
and don't come back alive?
It means that your name shall never erase
from the history of Ilara.
[man] ♪ I hail the child
Of the palm tree ♪
-[group] ♪ Hail ♪
-[jingling]
♪ The axe that cuts evil down ♪
Hail…
♪That which the initiates
use to fight evil ♪
♪ Hail ♪
-♪ That's what the gods of Oduru used ♪
-[flute music plays]
♪ Hail ♪
-♪ The gods said I should not relent ♪
-♪ Hail ♪
-♪ No matter how dark it gets ♪
♪ We have to keep
Pushing on and on and on ♪
[all] ♪ We have to keep
pushing on and on and on ♪
-[Priest] ♪ On and on and on ♪
-[all after every chant line] ♪ Hail… ♪
-♪ The child keeps pushing ♪
-♪ Hail ♪
-♪ The rain keeps pouring ♪
-[all] ♪ Hail… ♪
♪ A divination was given in the past ♪
♪ The divination
For performing some rituals ♪
♪ We have to keep
Pushing on and on and on ♪
[all] ♪ We have to keep
pushing on and on and on ♪
[chant continues repititively]
-[indistinct incantations]
-[flute music crescendos]
[grunts]
Brave hearted man.
Giant strides!
Call him a lion. put the mark on him.
[repeatedly] Yes!
[flute music crescendos]
Great!
[chants] You are a great man!
Giant strides!
An herbalist doesn't behave impulsively.
-A person acting alone cannot be impulsive
-[man] Yes.
-One cannot be rash because he's angry.
-Yes.
You can't just destroy things
because you are annoyed.
You can't be annoyed
with the swallow and offend the Creator.
An elephant always
gets away with whatever it does.
A buffalo gets away with whatever it does.
-[male voice] Yes.
-When a masquerade commits…
[Queens] ♪ As you go may you return ♪
♪ May you return safely ♪
♪ To your people ♪
♪ As a dog owner walks
He pulls his dog along ♪
[Priest] Go ahead!
[all] He is now an initiate.
Go ahead!
-[all] He's now an initiate.
-[Priest] You are now an initiate.
-[all] He's now an initiate
-[Priest] Go ahead! You're now an initiate
-[Priest] Go ahead…
-He's now an initiate
-You are now an initiate.
[Queens] ♪ As a dog owner walk.
He pulls his dog along ♪
-♪ He's now an initiate ♪
-[queens continue singing]
[flute music swells]
[suspenseful music plays]
♪ He's now an initiate♪
Esusu! [pants]
I call upon you.
and you must hear my call.
I have come to expel you today.
[jingling]
Today! You must leave Ilara town!
Esusu! You are banished!
-[jingling]
-Esusu now get up!
[Esusu roars]
[Esusu roars] No!
No! No!
[indistinct incantations]
[Esusu] This is war. [growls]
-[panicked indistinct chatters]
-[Esusu growls]
-[Amaka yelps]
-You lie!
-[man in the crowd] Ah!
-That can't be!
The archer uses
the bow to shoot the arrow away.
while the bowstring is in the arch!
I command you!
When an axe cuts the tree
in the bush. its strikes hard!
Hard!
I hail my fathers.
I hail the ones before me!
Esusu!
You've set eyes on me today.
you've seen death.
I cast you out!
[growls]
-[Esusu] Impossible. [groans]
-[growls]
-You can't conquer me.
-[Adedunjoye yelps]
-You can't send me away!
-[yelps]
-Ilara you're in trouble!
-Ah!
-[Esusu] You the king will equally suffer.
-[yelps]
-You sent me here.
-[groans]
I'm not leaving.
I'm prepared to receive
a visitor at my place.
[Esusu] Oh. ground I beseech you!
Do not betray me!
-Oh ground open up and swallow up!
-[Adedunjoye yelps]
[sad music plays]
[indistinct]
[a Queen yelps]
[music shifts to quizzical]
[Esusu howling]
[supernatural noises]
[exclaims] Oh!
The one who treads
carefully in an unknown place!
Purity will always overcome evil!
The one who dwells in the heavens.
will come through for Orunmila!
[both groan]
-[yelps]
-[Esusu growls]
[Esusu heaving]
I went as far as the heavens
to attain powers. [pants]
I went as far
as the seas to get fortified.
[panting] May all I do.
not have any repercussions.
Give me the power to overcome
and get away with whatever I do.
[panting] I will not fail
at what I do! I will not fail!
-[Esusu groans]
-[pants]
-[Esusu] Kill him.
-[groans]
-[Esusu growl]
-[growls. pants]
Adekogbe! [panting]
Son of Adarisode.
-[pants]
-have mercy on me! [heaves]
Don't let Esusu kill me.
-[pants]
-I'm fighting for Ilara. [pants]
Ilara is the house you built.
Adekogbe don't allow it to crumble.
[yells] Adekogbe!
[Esusu pants]
[suspenseful music plays]
[Adedunjoye pants]
[Esusus groans]
No one can banish me from my own abode.
I told you not to offend me but you did.
[panting] Ilara people.
you can't take me out so easily.
I am wickedness! [roars]
[pensive music plays]
[Priest] He's a star that shines.
[Queens cheer]
-Great king!
-[elders hailing]
-[crowd cheers]
-[Amaka cheers]
[man] Ah!
[all] Your Highness.
[Priest] Ehh!
[soft music playing]
Subtitle translation by: Regina Njoku
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org